It is important to read the entire section to understand how developer tools are licensed. This section starts out being 
very general and becomes more specific towards the end. The Microsoft developer tools covered by this section are listed 
below. We may add to this list from time to time as new products are made available.

· For Project 2000 templates and Project 98 redistributables, see the Applications section.

· For the Interix developer tool, see the Servers section.

· For Mobile Information Server Testing Edition, VBA, IEAK, TechNet, TechNet Plus and Windows NT Option Pack (licensed within 
the Visual Studio Enterprise Edition), see the end of this section.

1. BizTalk Server 2000 Developer Edition

2. Commerce Server 2000 Developer Edition

3. Internet Explorer Administration Kit (“IEAK”)

4. Microsoft Office XP Developer (“MOD”)

5. MSDN

6. SQL Server 2000 Developer Edition

7. Visual Basic (Learning, Professional and Enterprise Editions)

8. Visual Basic for Applications (“VBA”)

9. Visual C++ (Standard, Professional and Enterprise Editions)

10. Visual FoxPro

11. Visual Interdev

12. Visual J++

13. Visual SourceSafe

14. Visual Studio (Professional and Enterprise Editions)

I. Except as otherwise noted, for all products listed above, these rights and restrictions apply:

A. General License Grant. For each license acquired, you must designate one individual within your organization (the “Designated 
User”) who will have the personal, nonexclusive license to make and use copies of the Software for the sole purpose of designing, 
developing, and testing your Application (as defined in General Requirements in Distribution Requirements below). The Designated 
User may install copies of the Software on any number of computers provided that such individual is the only person who 
uses each such copy of the Software.

Documentation. In addition, Microsoft grants you a worldwide, nonexclusive, nontransferable, royalty-free right to make, 
use, and install any number of copies of the documentation solely for internal use by any number of end users so long as:

a. Such end users are persons who are generally granted access to your internal network; and

b. Such copies are used only for internal purposes and are not to be republished or distributed (either in hard copy or 
electronic form) beyond your premises.

B. Redistributable Code License Grant.

1. Sample Code. Microsoft grants you the right to use and modify the source code version of those portions of the Software 
identified as “Samples” in REDIST.TXT or elsewhere in the Software (“Sample Code”) for the sole purposes of designing, developing, 
testing and demonstrating your software product(s), and to reproduce and distribute the Sample Code, along with any modifications, 
only in object code form.

2. Redistributable Code—Standard. Microsoft grants you a nonexclusive, royalty-free right to reproduce and distribute the 
object code form of any portion of the Software listed in REDIST.TXT (“Redistributable Code”). Note: Certain Redistributable 
Code may be subject to additional restrictions below if it is also identified as “Limited Use Redistributable Code” or “Extended 
Use Redistributable Code.”

3. Visual C++ and Visual Studio—Microsoft Foundation Classes (MFC), Template Libraries (ATL), and C Runtimes (CRTs). In 
addition, Microsoft grants you the right to use and modify the source code version of those portions of the Software that 
are identified as MFC, ATL, or CRTs (the “VC Redistributables”), for the sole purposes of designing, developing, and testing 
your Application. Microsoft further grants you a nonexclusive, royalty-free right to reproduce and distribute the object 
code version of the VC Redistributables, including any modifications (or enhancements to the functionality of the VC Redistributables), 
so long as you rename any files created by you that are included in your Application.

C. Distribution Requirements.

1. General Requirements. If you are authorized and choose to redistribute Sample Code, Redistributable Code, Limited Use 
Redistributable Code, or Extended Use Redistributable Code (collectively, the “Redistributables”), you agree to:

a. Distribute the Redistributables in object code form and only in conjunction with and as a part of a software application 
product developed by you that adds significant and primary functionality to the Redistributables (“Application”);

b. In the Application, the Redistributables only operate in conjunction with other Microsoft products;

c. Not use Microsoft’s name, logo, or trademarks to market the Application;

d. Include a valid copyright notice in your name on the Application;

e. Indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Microsoft from and against any claims or lawsuits, including attorney’s fees, that 
arise or result from the use or distribution of the Application;

f. Otherwise comply with these terms and conditions;

g. Agree that Microsoft reserves all rights not expressly granted; and

h. You also agree not to permit further distribution of the Redistributables by your end users except you may permit further 
redistribution of the Redistributables by your distributors to your end-user customers if your distributors only distribute 
the Redistributables in conjunction with, and as part of, the Application and you and your distributors comply with all 
other terms of this license agreement. (Note: see exception regarding “Extended Use Code” below.)

2. Additional Rights or Restrictions

a. Extended Use Redistributable Code. You may permit your end users to reproduce and distribute the object code form of 
certain portions of the Software (as listed in REDIST.TXT as “Extended Use Redistributable Code”) only in conjunction with 
and as a part of your Application or Web page that adds significant and primary functionality to the Extended Use Redistributable 
Code. You are authorized to exercise the foregoing rights provided that you and your end users agree to comply with all 
terms and conditions of Section (I)(C)(1) above. b. Limited Use Redistributable Code. The Software may include a set of 
software files associated with the Microsoft Jet database engine (the “Jet files”) and the Microsoft SQL Server Desktop 
Engine (“MSDE”). These files are included in the list of redistributable components for the Software. For simplicity, these 
files will be referred to in this section as the “MS DB Files.” In addition to the rights and restrictions described above 
in (B) and (C) of this Section I, the following additional restrictions apply to you:

(a) You cannot distribute the MS DB Files with an application or web page that substantially duplicates the capabilities 
of Microsoft Access or, in the reasonable opinion of Microsoft, competes with the same product; and

(b) you must require your customers to have the number of licenses for Microsoft Access or Microsoft Office that are equivalent 
to the number of licenses that such customers have acquired for your application or web page.

Furthermore, you cannot reproduce or distribute any of the MS DB Files with a commercial application or web page in conjunction 
with a general purpose word processing, spreadsheet or database management software product, or an integrated work or product 
suite whose components include a general purpose word processing, spreadsheet, or database management software product except 
for the exclusive use of importing data to the various formats supported by Microsoft Access.

Note: a product that includes limited word processing, spreadsheet or database components along with other components that 
provide significant and primary value, such an accounting product with limited spreadsheet capability, is not considered 
to be a “general purpose” product for purposes of this section.

3. Microsoft Platform Software Development Kit (“Platform SDK”). If you are authorized and choose to redistribute Redistributables 
found in the Platform SDK, in addition to compliance with Section C.1. above, you also agree:

a. That in your Application the Redistributables only operate in conjunction with a Microsoft operating system product; 
and

b. To distribute your Application containing the Redistributables pursuant to an End-User License Agreement (which may be 
“break-the-seal”, “click-wrap” or signed), with terms no less protective than these terms.